README.md, before:

![Header](https://github.com/hayndehayn/hayndehayn/blob/main/greetings.jpg)

👋 Ello! I’m a full-stack developer who enjoys learning and exploring new coding technologies. I like practicing to improve my skills and gain new knowledge. JavaScript is one of my favorite languages to code in.

___

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hayndehayn&hide_title=false&hide_rank=false&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=false&theme=dark&locale=en&hide_border=false" height="165" alt="stats graph" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=hayndehayn&locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=dark&hide_border=false" height="200" alt="languages graph"  />
</div>

## Languages and Tools:

<div align="left">
    <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/javascript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="JavaScript" /></a>
    &nbsp; 
    <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/typescript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TypeScript" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/react-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="React" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Python" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/nodejs-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="NodeJS" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/tailwindcss-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TailwindCSS" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/bootstrap-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Bootstrap" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/sass-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Sass" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://webpack.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/webpack-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Webpack" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="HTML5" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/css3-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="CSS3" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://expressjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/express-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Express" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mongodb-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="MongoDB" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/git-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Git" /></a>
    &nbsp;
     <a href="https://www.adobe.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="PS" /></a>
    &nbsp;
     <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Figma" /></a>
    &nbsp;
</div>

Commit message:

Revise README to highlight Frontend development skills
Updated personal introduction to reflect current focus and skills.

README.md, after:

![Header](https://github.com/hayndehayn/hayndehayn/blob/main/greetings.jpg)

👋 Ello! I’m a passionate Frontend Developer focused on building responsive, high-performance web applications with React, TypeScript, and Node.js. I love transforming complex ideas into intuitive interfaces and continuously improving code quality. Currently looking for a Junior Frontend role where I can grow and contribute to real-world projects.

___

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hayndehayn&hide_title=false&hide_rank=false&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=false&theme=dark&locale=en&hide_border=false" height="165" alt="stats graph" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=hayndehayn&locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=dark&hide_border=false" height="200" alt="languages graph"  />
</div>

## Languages and Tools:

<div align="left">
    <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/javascript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="JavaScript" /></a>
    &nbsp; 
    <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/typescript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TypeScript" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/react-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="React" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Python" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/nodejs-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="NodeJS" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/tailwindcss-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TailwindCSS" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/bootstrap-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Bootstrap" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/sass-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Sass" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://webpack.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/webpack-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Webpack" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="HTML5" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/css3-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="CSS3" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://expressjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/express-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Express" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mongodb-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="MongoDB" /></a>
    &nbsp;
    <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/git-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Git" /></a>
    &nbsp;
     <a href="https://www.adobe.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="PS" /></a>
    &nbsp;
     <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Figma" /></a>
    &nbsp;
</div>
